Created GH Templates (#223)
paritytech/substrate-api-sidecar: CONTRIBUTING.md

> Substrate Sidecar API is an Open Source project that welcomes new issues and PRs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substrate Sidecar API is an open source project that welcomes new issues and PRs.
```

> If you’re new to open source or interested in contributing, this guide: [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) is particularly helpful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re new to open source or interested in contributing, this guide is particularly helpful: [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/).
```

## Contributing Code

> To contribute to this repo, it’s recommended to create an issue first; this allows you to gather feedback before writing any code. In the issues tab, you’ll be able to select from a template to create an issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute to this repo, it’s recommended to create a GitHub Issue first; this allows you to gather feedback before writing any code. In the Issues tab, you’ll be able to select from a template to create an Issue. 
```

> To contribute to this repo, it’s recommended to create a GitHub Issue first; this allows you to gather feedback before writing any code. In the Issues tab, you’ll be able to select from a template to create an Issue. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To contribute to this repo, start by creating a GitHub Issue, which will allow you to gather feedback before writing any code. In the Issues tab, you’ll be able to select from a template to create an Issue. 
```

> To create a Pull Request after you’ve created an issue, you’ll need to head over to the Pull Request tab. This will be where all the PRs will be located, and where reviewers will be able to review your changes made. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Pull Request after you’ve created an Issue, you’ll need to head over to the Pull Request tab. This will be where all the PRs will be located, and where reviewers will be able to review your changes made. 
```

## Rules
There are a few basic ground-rules for contributors (including the maintainer(s) of the project):

> - No `--force` pushes or modifying the Git history in any way. If you need to rebase, ensure you do it in your own repo.

Reviewer: I personally do not agree with this rule. I think we can use GitHub to protect branches that shouldn't be force-pushed, but I think it is fine for developers to fore-push to their own branches off this repo.

Author: Hm, I see what you mean there. Sometimes a force push is necessary, even though it may not always be recommended. I'll modify that sentence to something like "Try to avoid..."

> - Non-master branches, prefixed with a short name moniker (e.g. `gav-my-feature`) must be used for ongoing work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Non-master branches, prefixed with a short name moniker (e.g. `gav-my-feature`), must be used for ongoing work.
```

> - All modifications must be made in a pull-request to solicit feedback from other contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All modifications must be made in a Pull Request to solicit feedback from other contributors.
```

- Contributors should adhere to the [house coding style](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/blob/master/docs/STYLE_GUIDE.md).

> ## Reviewing pull requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reviewing Pull Requests:
```

> When reviewing a pull request, the end-goal is to suggest useful changes to the author. Reviews should finish with approval unless there are issues that would result in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reviewing a Pull Request, the end-goal is to suggest useful changes to the author. Reviews should finish with approval unless there are issues that would result in:
```

> When reviewing a Pull Request, the end-goal is to suggest useful changes to the author. Reviews should finish with approval unless there are issues that would result in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When reviewing a Pull Request, the end goal is to suggest useful changes to the author. Reviews should finish with approval unless there are issues that would result in:
```

- Buggy behaviour.
- Undue maintenance burden.
- Breaking with house coding style.
- Poor performance.
- Feature reduction (i.e. it removes some aspect of functionality that a significant minority of users rely on).
- Uselessness (i.e. it does not strictly add a feature or fix a known issue).

## Where to Ask for Help
Asking for help in the Parity community is encouraged and welcomed! The best ways to reach us are:

> - [Substrate Community Page](https://substrate.dev/community)
> - [Substrate Technical Riot](https://riot.im/app/#/room/!HzySYSaIhtyWrwiwEV:matrix.org)
> - [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/substrate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chat with us: [Substrate Technical Element](https://app.element.io/#/room/!HzySYSaIhtyWrwiwEV:matrix.org)
- Ask a question tagged `substrate`: [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/substrate)
- Weekly office hours: [Substrate Seminar](https://substrate.dev/en/seminar)
```
